Really cool prototype idea!

Would work well for any min-max addicts as its core mechanic is basically that already.

The only thing I see such a game absolutely needing is automation. As it is it gets repetitive really quick repeating the same actions after respec. Also if you can find any way to make each decision/node more "animatable"/alive that would make this even more killer.

Definitely a good idea here, keep working on it!

---

Was thinking about the idea more: it might work better as a column on one side of the screen with a line of plots. Different fruits could have different rates of growth, i.e. one fruit every 3 nodes unlocked or something. Upgrades shortening the steps, runs in directions that require more or less of certain mixes of fruits, synergistic upgrades and junk.

---

Really unique idea. I'm interested to see where you take it. One feature that would really make life easier would be to click on a node further away, and the game travel and allocate the nodes in between (if enough resources are available, of course). As it is there's a lot of clicking because each node takes 2 clicks.
from Poodychulak via /r/incremental_games sent 2 hours ago

Took a second to figure out what I was doing, but it's fantastic! Got as far as the 300 cost overground node and don't know how to get further without cheating. Seems intentional or maybe I'm missing something.

Assuming it's just WIP and worms/caterpillars and additional characters are forthcoming. My feelings off of this were like a puzzle game where each run was planned around alternately: gathering respec bonuses, optimizing resource gain, and unlocking new nodes. Thinking about idle elements and the general theme: another tab could be your home garden or something. Where the main tab is focused around exploration, narrative, and planning, the garden could be an upgradable resource pool with its own effects and unique abilities acquired via the main node screen. "Chestnut trees hold twice as many chestnuts before full," "Unpicked oranges in the garden also provide discount." An entire upgrade path surrounding worms and compost as materials only gained by sacrificing into the garden screen.

This is a lot :p A promising seed of an idea here, really stoked.
